Grandpa, there's 5 million
It's the pocket money that Mom and Dad prepared for you.
No, Dad, you're eating too much, not much, not much
I will give it to my mother.
I'm also worried that I'll give it less.
Little sister and big brother have also prepared it for you.
And second brother
Four more.
There are 5 more.
How many houses do you have?
Prepare pocket money for my little sister and don't tell me
Who calls your conscience?
I don't even know how to prepare my little sister's pocket money.
Little sister, add a WeChat.
Yes, yes, you can add Mom and Dad.
Hey, hey, hey.
I said it first.
One by one, you have to queue up.
Little sister, don't spend money to transfer money.
Take it, thank you, Mom and Dad.
Thank you brother
You're welcome to the fool's own family
Haha, little sister, I'm glad you can be anything.
Little sister welcome home
Ouch, what is this?
Why are you still crying?
Oops don't cry
I want to help too
I want to help too, hahaha.